[DOCS] `convert_model()` as a default conversion path (#17454)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/FP16_Compression.md

@sphinxdirective

> MO can convert all floating-point weights to the ``FP16`` data type. 

Reviewer: Please refer to `mo` only in case when it is specific for CLI only. FP16 compression is not specific, it is available in both `convert_model` and `mo`.
```suggestion
Optionally all relevant floating-point weights can be compressed the ``FP16`` data type during the model conversion.
```

> Model Conversion API can convert all floating-point weights to the ``FP16`` data type. 

Reviewer 2: Please do not use `Model Conversion API` everywhere because the tool will still exist. So just rename everywhere `Model Optimizer` to `MO`

> Model Conversion API can convert all floating-point weights to the ``FP16`` data type. 

Author: ```suggestion
MO can convert all floating-point weights to the ``FP16`` data type. 
```
